[Docs] Add wget when using proxy-enabled env for image building (#7099)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/osmgmt/artifacts.md

     "no_proxy": "<optional comma seperated list of domains that should be excluded from proxying>"
  }
  ```

> In a proxy-enabled environment, `image-builder` uses `wget` to download artifacts instead of `curl`, as `curl` doesnt support reading proxy environment variables. In order to add `wget` to the node OS, add the following to the above json configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a proxy-enabled environment, `image-builder` uses `wget` to download artifacts instead of `curl`, as `curl` does not support reading proxy environment variables. In order to add `wget` to the node OS, add the following to the above json configuration file:
```
